All these conditions will never be covered for you.
So for this you have to ensure
that you understand this information yourself
and also make your family
understand it.  God forbid, if
you
go to such a hospital for out-of-pocket treatment and it becomes a
part of permanent exclusion, then you
and your family will have to face a lot
financially.  Standard running today is
90 and 180 days.  This product is exactly
following the same.  It is a very good thing that if
you have purchased the policy in Zone C and
go to Zone B or Zone A for treatment,
then you had to pay 15% and 20% in the claim.
Hello everyone welcome to
Transforming 360.  Thank you so much first
of all for the great support.  With your support the
channel has been restored today and
I would like to congratulate each one of you
for your kind blessings and love.  So today
we will discuss about a very interesting new product of ICCL LBRD one of my
favorite company which
is Elevate
Health.  So what new does Elevate Health
bring us?  What new innovation has ICC LBRD
done and what are the benefits that are
possible for me as a customer through this product.
But always remember one thing that
by looking at the product one cannot judge
whether this product is made for me
or not.  So there are lots of
multiple factors for why you need a
personal council.  So let's start with the product.  Will
describe it in three parts.
In the first part, we will talk about general waiting
periods and permanent exclusion.
In second, we will talk about the basic features that the
product is offering.  And last what are the
add ons that you can purchase
with extra cost.  So let's start with the basic terms and
conditions of this product.
So do watch the video till the end,
watch it completely and also share it with those who are
planning their health insurance
or cross-examining the possibilities for corrections.
So let's
start the video.  Let's start the review.
[Music]
So first of all, let's talk about the waiting
periods.  So if we talk about the general waiting period,
which we call slow
growing illness.  So the company has offered a waiting period of two years on that also.
What are the slow growing illnesses?
This is the illness that reaches a stage
where treatment is required.   It
takes time and these are not life
threatening.  So for example any kind of
hernia, piles, any kind of joint
replacement, any kind of urinary related
issues, any kind of male urinary, tract
related issues, ear nose throat, any ENT
problem.  Any type of
cataract, be it glaucoma or
cataract, will not be covered for the first two years.
Similarly, thyroid will not be covered for the first two years
, gastric will not be covered for the first two years.
Internal chronic diseases will also
not be covered for the first two years.  So the
list of such waiting periods is visible on the screen in front of you.
So this will be applicable to
those who are purchasing the policy for the first time.
As I said, the pre-
existing will be covered after exactly two years.
Your accident will be covered from day one
and your new disease will be covered from 31 days.
This policy also offers us maternity.
Whose standard waiting period is from two years.
You can reduce it to one year.
But you will have to pay a very high premium.
So we have other alternative options for this.
If we talk about the sum insured, then the
sum insured that this product offers us starts from a bandwidth of Rs 5 lakh which is very very less.
So at least everyone should have a
minimum cover of ₹25 lakh and the maximum cover
it gives us is 1 to 3 CR plus
unlimited sum insured option.
What is meant by Unlimited Sum Insured Option is that you
choose such an option that if
in future a claim of Rs 10 lakh, Rs 10 crore, Rs 10 lakh, Rs
15 crore, Rs
20 crore comes, then
within that option it will cover you up to that limit.  There is
no tension of insurance there.  So if
we talk about that means future.  So unlimited sub
insured is one of the great options.  If we
talk about permanent exclusions.  So
if someone uses smoking, alcohol, any kind of tobacco, any kind of substance and faces
any
problem, trouble, or
health issues related to it in the future, then it will
not be a part of the claim.  This is a case of drunk and drive
, even if an accident occurs, the claim is
not payable.  So please be careful and
also give this information to those friends
who say that I have health
insurance, your brother will drive the car.  So
this would be a huge risk for your life as
well as for your finances
because health insurance does
not pay your claim in any such condition.  Next let us
talk about external accidental
defects which are external defects that we have by birth.
Many times the hand
is crooked, there are skin dimples or extra
fingers or any such defect
which is visible externally, a physical defect,
then the company does not cover its correction.
These are the general waiting periods that every
company follows.  If someone
wants to make cosmetic changes, someone
wants to make genetic changes or someone
wants to change their gender, then such
treatments are not covered under the health insurance company.  It is
not there in any product and you will see the same thing inside Elevate also.  Let
us talk further.   Do it.
So, within permanent exclusion, a
very important factor that you have to keep in mind is
your
mental health.  There are many companies that
still do not cover mental health.
If they cover it, they
cover psychometric and psychiatric within certain limits.
As is visible inside this product also.
So these are very
important things that whenever you are
looking for any health insurance for yourself, then it is
very important to compare its permanent exclusions so that
from the future point of view, if any problem
comes to you, then I should have the ultimate solution for it also.
So the
list of permanent exclusions related to this product is on the screen in front of you.
So all these conditions will
never be covered for you.
So for this you have to ensure that you
understand this information yourself
and also make your family understand it
so that if any such claim comes in the future,
it does not create a problem for you.  What
happens is that when we have health
insurance, then with confidence we go
from a normal hospital to a good
hospital with very high standards
for treatment and
God forbid, if you go to such a
hospital for treatment out of your pocket
and that is part of permanent exclusion, then
you and your family will have to
face a lot financially.  So
please make sure that you are aware of
permanent exclusions instead of your feature.   So
now let's talk about the basic features.
What does this policy offer us?
If we talk about room rent, then
up to the sum insured is covered in the room rent category.  There
is no problem.  Here you have the option to
modify your room rent also.
You can also reduce and you
can also upgrade.  Because this product
offers us different room categories.   It
also does 1%, also does 2% sum insured.
If you want to modify your room
to the Any Room category
and exclude Shoot Room, your
pricing will be reduced.  If you want
everything covered then
your price will increase accordingly.  So that means here you have
full rights that you can make
changes in your product.  You can arrange
your room rent as per your convenience within your policy.
So there
are arrangement possibilities.  There is no capping on ICU.  There is
no capping on ventilators.
If we talk about pre-hospitalization or post-
hospitalization, then again as the
standard is today, it is 90 and 180 days.
This product is exactly following the same.
very good thing.  Because post
hospitalization is a huge and long-term
expense.  So these 180 days i.e. half of
a year is covered which is a great part up
to some insured.  If we talk about modern treatment, then it is being
covered by all the insured
and in many such cases, ICC
Lombard has paid the claim where the doctor has
given the advice that yes, this is medically necessary.
If the
condition of medical necessity is not met, then
up to the sum insured will not be covered.
That means modern treatment will
not be applicable.  AYUSH treatment up to sum
insured will be covered.  Dental surgery up
to the sum insured will be covered.  Talking about home care
treatment, that option
is also covered.  You can take nursing as an add-on.   If you
want nursing then you
can add it on.  Your ambulance charges up to
someone will be covered.  Which is the great
part.  Now here comes zone wise.  So this
product divides us into four zones.
But the best part is that ICC has
finally corrected it and for which I am very
thankful to ICC that
they have removed the zone based capping.
So what used to happen earlier was that how was the zone wise
copayment applicable, that
if you purchased the policy in Zone C
and got the treatment done in Zone B or Zone A,
then you had to pay
15% and 20% in the claim.  For example, if
you went to Zone B and the total
expenditure there was ₹1 lakh, then the company would not have paid ₹1.5 lakh.
So finally this thing has been removed
and it is a very good option for the customers
and it is also a very good thing for us
that finally any client can
go to any zone and get the treatment done.  So no
copayment will be applicable zone wise.
This is a great part.  One of the best things in ICC LBA is that
whenever we
go for cashless, the best thing in cashless claims is that
you get discharge without waiting period because
when the formalities of discharge are done, it takes four
hours, five hours, two hours, minimum two hours
and but three to four hours are easily taken.  But
if you have an Elevate product or any other product in ICC LBT
and your sum insured is
above Rs 15 lakh, then there is zero waiting period for you
on your discharge formalities.
As soon as you get cashless approval, your
discharge approval also comes and after five days, six
days, ten days, whenever your
hospitalization is completed and it is
time for discharge, you do
not have to serve any waiting period.  Do
n't stop there.  You can go straight home.   The
company will settle the matter with the hospital itself.
One additional thing that I really liked about this product is the ICC LBD.
That is a
pricing which I always felt that
ICC LBR was a bit high in the pricing factor.
So the premium has been reduced by 40%
which is a very good thing and
an option has opened up for the customers.  An
option has opened up for us where we can offer a
good brand to the customer with a good pricing.  There are
two add-ons inside this product
that are part of the basic clip feature.
Like auto restoration
is done automatically in it.  One different thing in this is
that if the
surrogacy is not covered but
if the female faces any complication due to surrogacy, then Rs
5 lakh sum insured will be inbuilt for that complication.
Apart from this, there is an add-on thing
which is outside donor that means when
females donate eggs,
in that case also if any complication arises
then sum insured of Rs 5 lakh will be available there too
which is an add-on feature
inbuilt in this product.  If
we move on to Part Three, we're going to
talk about the
riders you can purchase to
help make your coverage
more comprehensive, and they're
visible on your screen.   The
first of which is Infinite Care.
Infinite care means cover up to
unlimited sum insured.  That means
you can opt for this option even if you have taken the policy today
or you can opt for it anytime in between 2 years
and if any
problem arises in the future then due to this add on if
your claim is of ₹50 lakh and your
policy is ₹1 lakh then
unlimited sum insured
option will be open for that particular treatment for that particular year
only, that is for that year even if the
treatment cost comes to ₹1 crore
then the company
will go to settle it but
you will not get this in future renewal.  This is a one time
option.  As soon as you utilize it,
it will be removed.
So this second option which is visible in your screen is
a power booster option.  Like
basically there is a no claim bonus inside the policy which is
also protected.  So
that is 20% and it will grow by 20% every year up to
100%.  Even if a claim comes, he will not drop it.
But what will happen in this add-on rider is that
for example, if your sum
insured is Rs 1 crore, then next year, whether your
claim comes or not, you will get an additional sum of Rs 1 crore,
that means there will be no additional claim.  So when it comes to
features, these are those features.  It should
not become like 'I don't know features with no future'.  So but this is a good
feature which is looking very attractive to people in the market right now.
So one of the new
innovations is that the company has given this option.
That means whatever is your sum insured, exactly the same
sum insured
irrespective of claim will be there in your add-on policy.  The
third benefit that is
shown on your screen is Jump Start.
Jump start means if you
are asthmatic or you want to cover diabetes
or you want to cover hypertension
or you want to cover PTCA.  Yes
my dear to PTCA.  So,
it can be covered 31 days onward also by
paying additional amount of premium.  It
is a very cool feature.  This is a useful thing.
If we talk about the fourth thing which is visible on the screen,
that is maternity benefit.  So
maternity benefit is an add-on rider which
you purchase, then there is a waiting period of 2 years
which I told you in the beginning.
You will have to serve.  This
can also be reduced to one year.  But the premium will
go on the higher side.  The
maternity cover option you will get in this is
10% of the sum insured and the maximum
limit will be Rs 50,000, Rs 70,000, Rs 1 lakh.   The
cover for your newborn baby will be exactly
double your maternity sum insured.
If your maternity is ₹
1 lakh then the newborn baby will be ₹1 lakh
from day one.  So the fourth feature is
visible on your screen as B Fit.  It
is covered in all plants.  Meaning that the
options which are available
in different categories are OPD benefits, you
can also purchase this.  So the next feature that
is visible on your screen is
Claim Protector.  Claim protector means
all consumable items up to the sum
insured will be covered.  Inflation
protector means that whatever
inflation the government declares as medical inflation,
your sum insured will also keep increasing accordingly.
So the government declares inflation around 7%
which
in reality is 14% but that is fine,
you are also getting inflation and protector so
your sum insured will keep increasing due to that also.
Domestic air ambulance is covered, that too is up
to sum insured, this is also optional, you can get
convalescence benefit covered up to ₹0000,
you can also get nursing at home
covered, it means it is
not very much, ₹2000 per day and the maximum is
up to 10 days, you can also get the visit covered from the company.
₹0000 is not much.
Meaning I don't think there's
any benefit to taking this one.  Health Checkup 5000
Listed Tests on Cashless Basis.  So I don't
think that this is also a big benefit
which you should take optionally.  Critical
illness cover up to sum insured maximum up to ₹
lakh and that too up to a maximum adult age of 50 years.
So you can think
about it if the pricing factor is okay
otherwise you must plan your individual
that critical illness policy because
only 18 critical illnesses will be covered under this rider.
When we take an individual policy,
100 critical illnesses are covered in it.
So you have to see this.  Personal Accident
is offering this additional offer of voluntary and
co-payment up to Rs 50 lakh. If you choose yourself
that whenever a claim comes, you will pay 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%
or 50% of the claim and the
company will pay 50%, then your pricing factor will be reduced automatically.
Dependent Accommodation Benefit: If you have
dependents and you want to provide accommodation for them as well,
then Rs 1000 per
day and up to 10 days are covered.  So
I did not think that it would provide much benefit.
So that is my point of view.
Durable medical equipment is covered.  Up to
₹5 lakh is covered.  This can be thought of.
Tele consultation is covered unlimited.  This
is also optional.  I have
already told you about the room modifier option.  So all these
come under your optional coverage.
You can opt for this.  So overall if we talk then the
picture is very clear that
ICC LBD is now very very serious that
they have understood that prying is a very
very factor for India.  And it is not that
you can increase the price as much as you want in the name of pricing and quality.
Today,
by changing those things, ICICI has passed on a very good message
that yes, they are a good
company and they understand the customers and have
reduced the pricing.  Some useful additions have been made to
enhance the features, including
pricing and terms of coverage.  So, do tell us
how you liked this product in the comment section.
If you want to understand
briefly or you want to book any consultancy then
you can mail us at my personal
email ID amazing dhiraj07@look.com
ama z in g dhir a j7@outlook.com
stay connected stay
progressive wish you all the very best thank
you so much